
Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.
Streamlined deployment process by developing continuous integration tools.
Strengthened developmental methodologies by introducing a code quality document.
Wrote and implemented scripts to enhance user experience and integrated scripts with the CMS.
Designed and developed transactional and analytical data structures.
Developed shared central authentication system in [Programming Language] for intranet applications.
Modified existing software to correct errors, adapt to new hardware and improve performance.
Coded [Number] websites using [Programming language].
Drafted comprehensive reports to document bugs and design flaws.
Designed new product elements such as image recognition, hand writing recognition, audio, video and device-to-device communication.
Designed [Application type] application components.
Implemented innovative systems for data collection, storage and management of customer orders.
Wrote on [Platform name] using [Program name].
Worked closely with clients to establish problem specifications and system designs.
Performed regression and system-level testing to verify software quality and function before it was released.
Wrote [Programming language] applications in [Architecture name] architecture.
Designed and developed [Number] computer software web applications.
Identified and suggested new technologies and tools for enhancing product value and increasing team productivity.
Designed intuitive graphical user interfaces using knowledge of serial communications and database design.
Created, delivered and maintained scalable system architecture to support a high-availability internet site with various internal applications.
Developed the next generation integration platform for internal applications.
Analyzed and designed relational databases using [Program name].
Oversaw major new enhancements to existing software systems.
Collaborated with product management to design, build and test systems.
Maintained existing applications and designed and delivered new applications.
Debugged and modified software components.
Collaborated with developers and performance engineers to enhance supportability and identify performance bottlenecks.
Developed code fixes and enhancements for inclusion in future code releases and patches.
Led a group of [Number] engineers in the design, and development of [Programming language]-based software solutions.
Designed [Programming language]-based multi-threaded admin web applications.
Wrote virtualization apps using [Programming language] to automate virtual machine orchestration.
Contributed to the [Programming language] codebase used in the automated deployment of software on multiple virtual machines.
Engineered configuration server in [Programming language] to reconfigure [Product name].
Stress-tested server code to validate code changes.
Assessed costs and risks associated with developing new features and products.
Reviewed and approved all engineering, product and project scope documents prior to delivery.
Integrated live, virtual and constructive programs into a cohesive product.
Developed object-oriented software, including [Product name].
Implemented process management system using [Programming language].
Designed and implemented [Platform name] application for network traffic monitoring system.
Monitored and updated back-end data by inter-communicating between [Programming language] and [Programming language].
Evaluated multiple software solutions during early software architecture plotting and system migration planning stage.
Implemented Search Engine Optimizations to improve search results and business flow.
Built databases and table structures following n-tier architecture methodology for web applications.
Evaluated potential software products based on new and existing system development and migration requirements.
Implemented [Server name] for version control.

Designed, developed and maintained web-based applications written in [Name of Programming Language].
Developed front-end and back-end of web applications.
Made recommendations and developed technical design for new application features.
Oversaw implementation of application developments.
Identified and corrected performance issues.
Implemented pixel-perfect designs that exceeded user expectations.
Collected data around every transaction and turned it into tools that helped users.
Built and refined powerful machine learning models that automated decisions, prioritized work and changed the behavior of products in real time.
Oversaw the daily performance of computer systems.
Created and maintained databases, network accounts and programs for specific department needs.
Evaluated and conducted technical and functional research and analysis.
Reviewed technical documentation and procedures.
Defined and documented technical best practices.
Installed software, modified and repaired hardware and resolved technical issues.
Built application platform foundation to support migration from client-server product lines to enterprise architectures and services.
Recommended architectural improvements, design solutions and integration solutions.
Developed data architecture design to enable analysts to perform targeted customer analysis.
Established compatibility with third party software products by developing program for modification and integration.
Developed and implemented complex Internet and Intranet applications on multiple platforms.
Coordinated with systems partners to finalize designs and confirm requirements.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes and patch sets for existing web applications.
Diagnosed and troubleshooted UNIX and Windows processing problems and applied solutions to increase company efficiency.
Ensured network, system and data availability and integrity through preventative maintenance and upgrades.
Provided documentation on start-up, shut down and first level troubleshooting of processes to help desk staff.
Implemented company policies, technical procedures and standards for preserving the integrity and security of data, reports and access.
Streamlined and enhanced the corporate accounting and operations system.
Designed strategic plan for component development practices to support future projects.
Organized and created shooting schedules for graphic design team, supervising the progress of projects from production to post production.
Designed Sharepoint masterpage and page layouts, serving as company's main Sharepoint support for all technical complications.
Consistently met deadlines and requirements for all production work orders.
Managed creative projects from concept to completion while managing outside vendors.
Developed work-flow charts and diagrams to ensure production team compliance with client deadlines.
Independently designed and executed company catalog for infrastructure support and development.
Aligned office departments and increased inter-department communication and data sharing.
Supervised and provided direction for six technical direct reports regarding network activities.
Recommended network security standards to management.
Monitored network performance and provided network performance statistical reports for both real-time and historical measurements.
Trained junior members of IT team regarding network security and troubleshooting of data circuits.
Advocated for end-users to perform testing and problem analysis for server, desktop and IT infrastructure work.
Managed firewall, network monitoring and server monitoring both on- and off-site.
Trained junior members of IT team regarding network security and troubleshooting of data circuits.
Proposed technical feasibility solutions for new functional designs and suggested options for performance improvement of technical objects.
Provided methodologies for object-oriented software development and efficient database design.
Utilized a pipe and filter model to find bottlenecks and enable measurement of system resource usage and process behavior at boundary limits of all operations.
Utilized a pipe and filter model to find bottlenecks and enable measurement of system resource usage and process behavior at boundary limits of all operations.
Designed and implemented new server standards for core business services.
Coached and mentored [Number] new staff members, including conducting performance reviews.
Collaborated with business, UX and marketing teams to drive brand development and messaging.
Maintained audiovisual equipment, including overhead projectors, laptops and video conferencing equipment.
Delivered on-site IT and AV technical support for [Number] staff.
Led the development team that created the web and mobile user interfaces for [Product name].
Translated business goals, feature concepts and customer needs into prioritized product requirements and use cases.
Developed and evolved the consumer-facing, multi-channel roadmap for desktop, mobile and mobile web applications.
Collaborated with the sales, marketing and support teams to launch products on time and within budget.
Maintained and monitored the server room, the wireless network and other server infrastructure.
Set up staff workstations with PCs, Macs, phones and laptops.
Created innovative and intuitive product features such as [Example].
Completed an average of [Number] personal UI design, code reviews, and programming projects each quarter.
Drove market research and built early-feature prototypes using wireframes and mock-up tools.
Established criteria for each milestone within the product roadmap as a means to measure developmental progress.
Partnered with the marketing team to translate product features into customer value propositions to be used in consumer messaging.
Gathered detailed use cases and requirements through regular on-site visits, virtual meetings and customer advisory board sessions.
Led bi-weekly Scrum planning meetings to develop team strategies and define project goals.
Led communication with stakeholders regarding product goals and progress made.
Translated technical specifications into detailed product requirements.
Analyzed market trends and the competitive landscape to understand opportunities and potential value.
Tested and implemented new technology-based global projects such as [Project].
Coached and mentored [Number] new staff members, including conducting performance reviews.
Collaborated with business, UX and marketing teams to drive brand development and messaging.
Maintained audiovisual equipment, including overhead projectors, laptops and video conferencing equipment.
