
Suresh Sivanantham

Preserve Lake Drive
Westchase, FL 33626
Cell: 813-995-1939
E-Mail: suresh.sivanantham@gmail.com

            https://github.com/v8-suresh

            https://www.linkedin.com/in/sivananthamsuresh

Professional Summary

Programmer successful at managing teams, driving progress toward project milestones, quality assurance and on-time delivery. Offers 10 years in application development using modern web technologies.

Skills

Java, J2EE
Javascript(ECMA 6), NodeJS
Spring, Struts, Hibernate, MyBatis, GWT
Jersey REST
Angular(all versions), React, Redux
JQuery, Sencha ExtJS/Touch
Docker, Amazon Web Services

Oracle, mySQL, postgres, mongoDB
Android, Cordova, Ionic
GIT, SVN
Maven, Gradle, Ant
Grunt, Gulp, Webpack
Windows, Unix, mac OS
Japanese Language Expert

Certifications

					AWS Certified Developer - Associate.
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate.
Japanese Language Proficiency Test (JLPT) 2007 – Level 3. .
Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP) for Java Standard Edition – Java 5.0. 

Work History

August 2016 to Current
NIELSEN OLDSMAR, FLORIDA
Senior Software Engineer    

Evaluated potential software products based on new and existing system development and migration requirements.
Led a group of 6 engineers in the design, and development of Java, Angular and Docker - based software solutions.
Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.
Modified existing software to correct errors, adapt to new hardware and improve performance.
Collaborated with developers and performance engineers to enhance supportability and identify performance bottlenecks.
Contributed to the jenkins shell script and mavel plugin codebase used in the automated deployment of software application.
Built, tested and released highly efficient metadata driven component library. 
Reviewed project goals and objectives with the project manager and design team.
Identified and suggested new technologies and tools for enhancing product value and increasing team productivity.

January 2016 to August 2016
American Express Phoenix, Arizona, US
Senior Software Engineer    

Led a group of 8 engineers in the design, and development of  Java, Angular, jQuery - based software solutions.
Evaluated multiple software solutions during early software architecture plotting and system migration planning stage.
Oversaw major new enhancements to existing software systems.
Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.
Modified existing software to correct errors, adapt to new hardware and improve performance.
Reviewed and approved all engineering, product and project scope documents prior to delivery.

March 2013 to January 2016
Tata Consultancy Services Chennai, India & Oldsmar, FL, USA
Assistant Consultant    

Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.
Led a group of 4 engineers in the design, and development of Java, GWT - based software solutions.
Streamlined deployment process by developing continuous integration tools.
Modified existing software to correct errors, adapt to new hardware and improve performance.
Worked closely with clients to establish problem specifications and system designs.
Identified and suggested new technologies and tools for enhancing product value and increasing team productivity.
Collaborated with product management to design, build and test systems.
Developed code fixes and enhancements for inclusion in future code releases and patches.

November 2009 to February 2013
Wipro Technologies Chennai, India & Tokyo, Japan
Senior Software Engineer    

Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.
Evaluated potential software products based on new and existing system development and migration requirements.
Collaborated with developers and performance engineers to enhance supportability and identify performance bottlenecks.
Led a group of 3 engineers in the design, and development of Java, COBOL(unix) -based software solutions.
Worked closely with clients to establish problem specifications and system designs.

July 2009 to September 2009
Corporater Inc Chennai, India
Software Engineer    

Wrote maintainable and extensible code in a team environment.
Implemented designs, including experimentation and multiple iterations.
Modified existing software to correct errors, upgrade interfaces and improve performance.
Rapidly prototyped new capabilities to confirm feasibility.
Directed software design and development while remaining focused on client needs.
Worked effectively with design teams to ensure software solutions elevated client side experience.
Interfaced with business analysts, developers and technical support to determine the best requirement specifications.
Worked closely with other team members to plan, design and develop robust solutions in a timely manner.

November 2006 to July 2009
IVTL Infoview Technologies Pvt Ltd Chennai, India
Programmer    

Built, tested and deployed scalable, highly available and modular software products.
Modified existing software to correct errors, adapt to new hardware and improve performance.
Developed Applications on Java, Oracle Platform using Struts, Spring frameworks.
Worked closely with clients to establish problem specifications and system designs.

Education

2006 GKM College of Engineering Chennai, India
BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING Electrical and Electronics 
